Aug 16, 2016
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/jan-brewer-obama-not-concerned-224534142.html

On the campaign trail today, Donald Trump continued to sell his new extreme vetting immigration plan.
He just introduced it this week, yesterday, of course.
The question is, how does it differ in substance from what the administration is already doing.
Here to help break it all down, former Arizona Governor, Jan Brewer, and Trump campaign foreign policy advisor, Carter Page.
Carter, before I get to you, I want to go to the Governor, because you passed an immigration law that had a lot of teeth to it now.
Of course, the Supreme Court pulled some of that teeth.
But you saw the need to be a lot tougher on immigration than the rest of the country, or at least the administration has been.
Well, unfortunately for our country, President Obama is not concerned about our security.
Absolutely didn't help Arizona, or the United States of America at all with its borders.
Bottom line, Charles, is that he has never been to our border to see what was going on.
And I might say that I might know a little bit more about the border situation than he does.
He doesn't care.
And we need a fighter.
We need a fighter that's gonna stand up and protect the people of the United States.
And certainly now what's going on with the Middle East, and with the radical Islamic terrorists, I was thrilled yesterday when I heard his proposal yesterday of extreme vetting.
That's a nice mantra: keep us safe.
We could say that all night long.
Let's talk exactly, though, Carter, how this works, okay.
Because the audience is--
Right now, the current plan, at least according to the White House, the screen process begins by collecting documentation, bio-data, name, address, biometrics.
And then, you know, starting to take these things, put them into an application form, looking at security checks.
And then, of course, they go through all the security agencies.
The FBI.
The Department of Homeland Security.
State Department.
Then DHS does interviews from there.
Biometric screening.
Medical checks.
Cultural orientation.
It seems like a pretty comprehensive list.
So what's, what could you add to this to make it extreme.
Charles, I think it really comes down to having a more thorough due diligence process in terms of really looking through the details, and focusing on core threat areas.
If you look back at the track record of how things have proceeded over the last several years, and where some of the problems have originated, it's really from not being as thorough and diligent in terms of looking at some of these specifics.
And so, I think, you know, that's very, a core element of what Mr. Trump has been working on across the board.
But I think it really comes down, and it's particularly focused on this area, which I think makes--
But you're talking, essentially, you're talking about the screening zero-ing in on whether or not there's affiliations with terrorist organizations.
Right.
Absolutely.
I think there's a lot of continued focus on some of these where the greatest threat is.
Listen, I've spent a lot of time in the Gulf Cooperation Council Countries over the last several years, and I know this is a core threat.
Again, as he mentioned, there's a lot of similarities and shared values that can be built upon more effectively than what we've seen recently.
So I think there's, we're only getting started here, and I think there's a lot more that can be done on a diplomatic level, but also here at home.
Governer Brewer, and speaking of here at home, Donald Trump said he would root out the sort of terrorist sympathizers here, and come out and used the word vicious.
You know, that scares the mainstream media, obviously.
Extreme, vicious, those kinds of things.
How high do we have to elevate this war against radical Islam, with respect them trying to sneak in, or already here, homegrown.
Absolutely.
We need to elevate it.
We need to escalate it.
We need to find out who these people are.
These people probably don't have any records that they are accustomed to seeing because they're radical Islamic terrorists.
i mean, they might have pictures of these people, most of 'em.
They don't have backgrounds.
Biometric scanning.
If they're doing it, it's not working.
What we need to do is, we need to look at social media, we need to look at their prior statements, we need to know who their relationships are with.
We need to go to every extent that is possible to find out who these people are, and if they don't past the muster, than they don't deserve to be in the United States of America.
We need to screen these people.
These people wanna kill us.
They don't agree with us.
And, as you know, Charles, or we should all know, the Supreme Court ruled that the President of the United States could deny entry into our country if he felt that they posed a national threat.
Well, hey, you know, if you have any inclinations, well then, keep 'em out of here.
We don't want 'em.
We don't want radical Islamic terrorists in our country.
Period.
So, so, how long do you think, right now they say the vetting process is up to two years.
Some people say that's BS.
But that's the official statement.
How much longer does it make it, and what do you think, like--
You talked about updating.
How exactly would this work, Carter?
Charles, I think it really comes down to working with our partners.
Obviously, uh, Governor Brewer had some great experience on the state level.
And, also, there's a lot of similar examples on the local level.
And it's creating a much tighter, more integrated web across all levels of government.
So I think that's a key element.
I think, you know, again, this is a very high priority for Mr. Trump.
Absolutely.
Trying to make it as fast and as efficient as possible.
Terrorism ranks up there, #1 and #2, with respect to what people are worried about right now.
Thanks a lot, Carter.
And, of course, we need to point out, coming to America is not the right of someone who is not an American.
Thanks a lot again, Governor Brewer.
Appreciate it.
