Sep 25, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FrXlURFj0A

So, let's start, obviously, with tomorrow's big debate.
Take a look at what Donald Trump tweeted yesterday -- quote -- "If dopey Mark Cuban, of failed 'Benefactor' fame, wants to sit in the front row perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him."
Afterwards, Gennifer Flowers, who infamously had an affair with then Governor Bill Clinton, sent a text message to "The New York Times" saying -- quote -- "Yes, I will be there."
Can you confirm if Gennifer Flowers is going to be at the debate as a guest of Mr. Trump?
No, I cannot confirm that.
And I can't believe how easily baited the Clinton campaign was.
Basically, Mr. Trump was saying, look, if Mark Cuban is going to send out these texts that say the humbling at Hofstra and this is his big downfall, then Mr. Trump was putting them on notice that we could certainly invite guests that may get into the head of Hillary Clinton.
But we have not invited her formally and we don't expect her to there as a guest of the Trump campaign.
I did think it was really odd, just one day after Hillary Clinton was rebuffed by a Democratic mayor of Charlotte to please not come to Charlotte, not divert resources and not come at this time, then they exercise poor judgment the very next day by putting out a statement by the Clinton campaign about Gennifer Flowers and what this meant with Donald Trump, that it shows he's easily provoked.
No, the easily provoked people here were the Clinton campaign.
So, it's very poor judgment.
But, look, we're going to talk about the issues that face America.
That's what the debate is.
I can understand why Hillary Clinton wants a billionaire in the front row.
That's just another Monday night for her.
But we're going to talk -- we're taking the case directly to the American people tomorrow night.
Just as a point of fact, I think both Trump and Clinton were talking about visiting Charlotte, and the mayor said that they didn't have the resources for either one to visit.
But I think it's curious, and probably a lot of viewers are wondering, you think that what's odd is the Clinton campaign's reaction to Donald Trump tweeting about somebody that her husband had an affair with decades ago, not the fact that Donald Trump tweeted something about someone the nominee's husband had an affair with decades ago?
It seems odd -- it seems odd that they would give it life and breath, since you just said three times in a row that Governor Clinton had an affair with her.
I didn't say it, but now a lot of Americans...
But Donald Trump gave it life, did he not? Donald Trump gave it life.
He's the one that brought it up.
No, he basically -- well, and they could have left it at that.
What he said, if she's going to do this as a way to beat him, then perhaps, perhaps -- it was in his tweet, perhaps he will invite Gennifer Flowers there and -- or have her sit in the front row.
But, you know, I also just want to say, Jake, that this -- the particular presidential -- this year's particular presidential debates are incredibly important, so that we can hear the visions of these two candidates.
Donald Trump is out on the stump every single day.
He was in Roanoke last night.
He was in four or five swing states just this week giving policy addresses, talking about issues.
Hillary Clinton is running negative ads against him.
You know what should be fact-checked? Hillary Clinton's campaign two weeks ago saying she was going to become more uplifting and optimistic and aspirational.Where was that -- where has that gone?
It's negative ad after negative ad.
It's negative pieces of mail, phone calls, get-out-the-vote programs.
We're just not going to do that.
We're taking our case directly to the American people tomorrow in this debate, and, may I add, every single day out on the stump.
But, Kellyanne, it's hard to -- it's hard to argue that Donald Trump hasn't been negative about Hillary Clinton.
I want to ask you, in fact, is he planning on bringing up Bill Clinton's marital infidelity during the debate itself? This is something he's discussed on FOX News Channel and in other places.
And he's some -- it's something that he's talked about in speeches.
Mr. Trump will answer the questions as they are asked by Lester Holt, the moderator.
And he has a right to defend himself against anything that Mrs. Clinton, Secretary Clinton may say in response.
There's -- there's no -- there's no plan to do that.
I'm not going to reveal what we have been doing in our debate conversations.
But the fact is that he has every right to be defend himself.
You know, he -- he's always -- he's always, constantly attacked, and then the moment he counterpunches, then people are just shocked that he would do that, he would try to defend himself.
But he will answer the questions, as we certainly hope that the questions go to policy.
Answer the questions that the American people have.
They deserve and expect these candidates to be talking about the issues.
You know, ABC/"The Washington Post" came out with a poll overnight, Jake, that shows the issues that motivate American.
They want these candidates to talk about the economy, terrorism, health care, immigration, national security.
And so Mr. Trump is ready to have that conversation.
You say he only counterpunches.
And I know that that's kind of like the methodology of the Trump campaign.
But the truth is, he attacks people on their own all the time without being provoked.
Heidi Cruz, Ted Cruz's wife, is a perfect example.
Rafael Cruz, Ted Cruz's father, is a perfect example.
Ted Cruz just endorsed Donald Trump, a big moment for your campaign.
I know you used to support Ted Cruz.
Has Donald Trump apologized to Senator Cruz for attacking his wife and suggesting, bizarrely, that his father had something to do with Lee Harvey Oswald?
I won't reveal their private conversations.
But I will tell you, we're thrilled to have the endorsement of Senator Cruz.
And we know that Senator Cruz and Donald Trump, combined in the primaries, got the lion's share of the votes.
Between them, they won almost all of the states, with -- with very few exceptions, as you know.
I think John Kasich won one.
I think Marco Rubio won one, not his home state.
And -- and, so, together they really do represent a large part of the party.
But I'm -- I'm very happy that Senator Cruz kept his promise and adhered to principle.
He signed a pledge that they all signed saying that he would support the Republican nominee.
And I also appreciated the fact that, when Senator Cruz endorsed Mr. Trump on Friday, Jake, he did not just do it in a statement.
He just didn't -- he didn't just say, I'm going to vote for him.
It was a very lengthy, very thoughtful presentation of the six reasons or so why Donald Trump is much more -- much preferable to Hillary Clinton, the Supreme Court, national security and cyber-security.
Yes.
He went on and on with that.
And I think that's incredibly important.
Donald Trump recently, according to all the polls, has been able to pull in the Romney voters.
He has nine in 10 Romney voters.
Hillary Clinton has eight in 10 Obama voters, according to the new ABC/"Washington Post" poll.
And Donald Trump has also been able to get 90 percent or so of Republicans to support him.
Yes.
I think Senator Cruz's endorsement will help with a few points here and there as well.
And it shows great party unity.
So, Kellyanne, let me turn to the influence of Russia on this election, questions surrounding one of your advisers.
On March 21, Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks confirmed to CNN that Carter Page was a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump, and that same day, Trump himself identified Carter Page as a member of the Trump campaign foreign policy team during a meeting with "The Washington Post," both these stories still on your campaign Web site.
We now learn from Yahoo News that Mr. Page has opened up private communications with senior Russian officials about lifting economic sanctions.
Has your campaign spoken with Mr. Page about this?
Well, I have not spoken with him at all, in fact, meaning he's not part of our national security or foreign policy briefings that we do now at all, certainly not since I have become campaign manager.
And so...
Is he not part of the campaign anymore?
He is not part of the campaign anymore?
No, he's not.
He's certainly not part of the campaign that I'm running, meaning we don't have him -- we have a number of people, fabulous people, men and women, as part of our national security and foreign policy team. And he's not among them at Trump Tower.
And I also will say, if he's doing that, he's certainly not doing it with the permission or knowledge of the campaign, the activities that you described.
So, if he's out there talking to Russian officials, he's not doing so on behalf of the Trump campaign in any way, shape or form?
He is certainly not authorized to do that.
All right, Kellyanne Conway, thank you so much.
And good luck at the debate tomorrow night.
We will all be watching.
Thank you, Jake.
