Sep 8, 2016
https://archive.org/details/FBC_20160908_130000_Varney__Company

Well, it just so happens that we have Carter Page with us.
He is a Trump national security and foreign policy advisor.
Carter Page, welcome to the program.
Great to be with you, Stuart.
What do you make of that?
I mean, Hillary really pounced on what Donald Trump said of Putin last night.
Your interpretation.
Well, I don't think there's much new substance in those comments.
However, what I would note is exactly what Mr. Trump has been focused on from the very beginning.
Dealing with the threat of radical Islamic terrorism.
Hold on a second. 
The question is about Russia and Putin.
Your guy, Donald Trump, opened himself up by being openly praising the guy who just did invaded Crimea, threatens Ukraine, and now runs the Middle East.
Well, he also has said very specifically that this is a top threat and we're gonna do whatever it takes to address this threat directly.
And, obviously, the Russian government and Russian military has great insights into that--
They run the place nowadays.
I mean, this morning we had news that the Palestinians and Israelis have agreed to go to Moscow to talk.
Talks held by Vladimir Putin.
We've been kicked out of the Middle East, and your guy is saying Putin's just fine.
Well, again, it's prioritization.
You know, there's a top, this is a very significant threat for the United States.
And having, thinking through new ways, you know, he's very open to accepting the help of other countries.
You know, not just Russia.
You know, this is things I've heard from many world leaders, uh, around the world.
It's gonna be a tough sell, isn't it?
You want to establish a new relationship with a guy who was previously our extreme adversary.
Our rival.
And your guy, Donald Trump, wants to turn around and make a new relationship with the guy.
That's a tough sell, isn't it?
Well, you talk about the extreme challenges that they've created.
You know, a lot of that comes down to limited leadership.
So, the fact that under Secretary Clinton, creating this new foreign policy for the United States, um, under Obama.
You know, this has created the situation that we have today.
Okay.
Carter Page.
We hear you.
And thanks for joining us this morning.
A very appropriate timing on your appearance.
We appreciate it.
Thanks very much.
