Dec 15, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ePHA4f7MNg

Hello, and welcome to Worlds Apart.
Conspiracy theories or fake news have become an easy way to delegitimize the narratives one doesn't like.
But that the core of it is the inability of both Russia and the United States to maintain a civilized discourse.
Will that change under the new administration?
Well, to discuss that, I'm now joined by Carter Page, former adviser to Donald Trump.
Mr. Page, it's good to talk to you.
Thank you for your time.
Thanks for having me, Oksana.
Now, as far as I know, you've been here in Moscow for about a week with the purpose of, as you put it, meeting with business leaders and thought leaders.
What is your broader goal here?
What are you trying to achieve?
You know, I've, I've been working and coming to Russia and living in Russia for 25 years now, and I lived here 2004 to 2007, and I've always seen a great opportunity for building bridges between the United States and Russia, um, particularly in the economic context.
And so, you know, I've been very frustrated over the course of the last several years with some of the challenges that have been out there, in terms of the bilateral relationship.
So, and I've had some personal conflicts people that have come against me over the course of this year, so I was somewhat constrained.
Mr. Page, I know that a lot of American businessmen still come to Moscow, despite all the sanctions, but that usually doesn't involve informing the media and holding large news conferences, as you did on on Monday.
Do you think the time that you spent in Moscow, the meetings that you've had so far, do they warrant the kind of attention that they've been receiving here?
Look, I think there is a tremendous excitement right now, about the possibilities.
You know, nothing -- as as I've mentioned several people -- nothing is guaranteed.
But I think we've been stuck in this same mentality, not only over the course the last couple decades, but really going back to, you know, the beginning of the Cold War era.
So, you know, seeing some people coming on the scene who actually have a different approach and, you know, some new perspectives, and, really, a genuine desire to push things in a positive direction.
I think it has created a lot of excitement.
Mr. Page, just out of the curiosity, what is your actual capacity right now, and what is your ability to, as you said, push things in a different direction?
What can you actually do?
Me, personally, I have a belief that business, and working on things from an economic perspective, can be the biggest driver.
So much has been focused on security issues and war and peace and essentially proxy wars, which--
What you're saying is that you're working here in your personal capacity as a businessman trying to strike your personal business deals, or is there something broader there? Well, I think they're very much interrelated.
You know, I think being a positive force in a business context can really help to drive for the broader agenda.
And, you know, there's only so much that Washington can do, given the challenges that you see in that in that region.
You know, the reason I'm asking is because I'm sure you understand that while that, when people or journalists reach out to you for a comment, they're interested in Carter Page, acts advisor of Donald Trump, rather than Carter Page, a private U.S. citizen with some experience in Russia.
Do you make that distinction clear, or do you feel that it is important to make that distinction.
It's, it's essential to make that decision distinction, and you you alluded to it directly at the beginning that, you know, I'm not in any way directly part of the transition team, or you know, have no intentions to go into a position in government.
I believe that in terms of making America great again and pushing for the overall agenda, you know, economic processes in having a, more of some positive steps in international relations context, can really make a big difference.
Well, um, you mentioned that some people have given you a pretty hard time over the years, especially people in the media.
But I think some people in Moscow also feel that you may be unduly exploiting the name of Donald Trump, and I want to quote you something that the head of the Russian Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee said just the other day.
And he called you, and I'm quoting here, an impostor who likes to make a lot of media noise about himself.
That is a very harsh thing, and I'm not sure that's warranted.
But what would be your comment to those people who claim that you're trying to benefit from your fleeting association with Mr. Trump?
It couldn't be further from the truth.
You know, I am, I've, that was really my problem to begin with, when people started throwing these lies out there about me.
I always wanted to keep a low profile.
You know, I denied literally over a hundred media interview requests.
And so, um, I've always, you know, my goal is more on a substantive level.
I have no personal ambitions, in terms of pushing for my own, you know, my own profile, if you will.
Well, you mentioned that you want to improve the relationship between the two countries.
That's quite an ambition.
I mean, may, it may not be personal, but it is an ambition of quite enormous scale, especially given the the state of relationship right now.
You left -- correct me if I'm wrong -- you left the Trump team last September.
What was it about?
Why didn't you stick longer with them, especially given that your goals your broader goals seem to overlap quite a bit.
Yeah, well, look.
There is a, it goes back to what I was saying about the misinformation and lies.
Some people from the Clinton campaign and their associates in Congress, in particular, were putting in these uh, very, very false information about, you know, meetings that I might have had with sanctioned officials, which was complete nonsense.
But look, Mr. Trump is not somebody who has any difficulties with hiring or keeping people with, let's put it, questionable reputations.
You're certainly not the only person who got all that criticism from the Clinton camp.
Take General Flynn, for example.
You know, there's been so many nasty things sad about him, and yet he has been hired for for the new administration.
So, do you think the person is really about the Clinton camp criticism of you rather than, let's say, the input that you could have within the team or within the future administration.
Yeah.
Look, I, I think it was really, I definitely made some tactical mistakes in the course of that process and, you know, there was one that same weekend where I came under so much intense scrutiny was from one journalist from Yahoo News and, you know, um, one of the other members of our team who you mentioned, you know, had also been interviewed, and I denied any interest, and I didn't grant an interview to him.
So he basically went off on his own and, you know, went forward with this story, which made absolutely no sense whatsoever.
And whereas, you know, other members of our team had spoken with him previously, you know.
But it's too bad that the false information and everyone moves on, so...
Let me just clarify: was it your own initiative to part ways with the Trump team, or did they ask you to go?
You know, I was, I said I did not want to have, create any more distractions for the campaign.
You know, I think there was some interest to, um, I think it was in everyone's mutual interest to kind of put this to bed.
I also wanted to be able to fight this more vigorously.
Now, you mentioned that episode of you meeting with some of the sanctioned individuals, that alleged episode, and we are speaking here about Rosneft or Igor Sechin, who both his press service and you deny that ever happened.
But, you know, some people would say that this may be an example of fake news that you mentioned earlier, but didn't that fake news at the end benefit you, because when you put in the same category, one, there's even a supposition that you may know people of the Sechin stature that immediately makes you a very important person.
No, listen.
I think, you know, all this media attention, a lot of the business contacts that I have have been constantly harassed.
You know, what do you know about Carter Page?
What are you doing with Carter Page?
I mean, people don't like that distraction, particularly in a business context, so...
You couldn't take it anymore.
It wasn't not being able to take it.
I just, you know, I wanted to be able to fight back on my own and not create a distraction.
Now, let's talk about the person who definitely met with Igor Sechin.
I'm talking about Rex Tillerson, the CEO of Exxon Mobil, who just a few hours ago was confirmed as the next US Secretary of State.
The two didn't just meet.
Mr. Tillerson describes Mr. Sechin as his personal and close friend.
Do you think that will help that you advance this broader goal of yours and mine as well, to improve the relationship between the two countries.
Without question.
Without question.
Especially, you know, having people that really know the truth about what's going on in this country, and how it really works, that really brings things to a new level.
You know, let me challenge you on that a little bit because Exxon Mobil has been very straightforward and open about the the damages that the company suffered because of the U.S.-imposed sanctions on Russia.
I saw some report the other day about their damages or lost profits running all the way to, I think, $1 billion.
But even in his position of the CEO of one of the world's largest company, Mr. Tillerson wasn't able to do much about this.
Do you think you will have more power now in the role of Secretary of State, especially given how much he is scrutinized, and, you know, the question of the conflict of interest that's been constantly raised against the Trump team.
Yeah.
Look, I think the beauty of it is, having that real knowledge, it'll help push back on so many misperceptions that are out there.
And, look, it's very easy to beat up on a little guy like me, amongst the Clinton team.
But for for someone like him, who's much more, you know, one of the top business leaders in the United States.
You think--
He'll be a tougher fighter, so I hope it works out well.
Now this is exactly what Donald Trump and another of other pundits and experts pointed out about Mr. Tillerson, that he is a tough negotiator.
He's also somebody who knows how to strike deals.
And I think he's proven that in Russia because he participated in a number of huge deals, and he completed them to the satisfaction of both sides.
Both the Russians and ExxonMobil were happy with that.
Do you think he will be able to prove that just as successfully on the domestic front?
I am very confident that he will.
I meanm he's you know, his track record really speaks for itself.
I think, it's like I was saying, it's a lot easier for them to beat up on little people, you know, who don't have the stature, but I think when he comes up in front of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, it's, uh, it'll be pretty straightforward, I believe.
Of course, there's gonna be a lot of pushback, but, you know, being able to talk with decades of experience working in this country will really make a huge difference in terms of helping people understand the, you know, what the reality is.
Well, Mr. Page, we have to take a short break now, but when we come back Rr. Trump has brushed off the allegations of being the Siberian candidate, but those peddling the claims are not yielding.
Can this rhetorical battle imperiled the work of the new your administration?
That's coming up in a moment on Worlds Apart.
Stay tuned.
Welcome back to Worlds Apart.
We are discussing the massive relationship between Moscow and Washington with Carter Page, former adviser to Donald Trump.
Mr. Page, the liberal American media is still pressing this idea of Russia, not just seeking to interfere in the American election, but doing that specifically on behalf of Donald Trump.
And, for the Russians here, it's very easy to dismiss that as yet another conspiracy theory.
But do you think there is a potential that these types of claims, especially given how persistent they are, that they will imperil, that they will impede that progress between the two countries, that all of us are looking forward to?
You know, it definitely takes a broader deeper effort to push back on that.
That's part of the reason why I'm so excited about, you know, the business possibilities because I think businesspeople by definition are much more practical and less dogmatic in there--
Absolutely, but business people are also extremely constrained by the legislation of of their countries and the, you know, the state of American business in Russia is a good testament to that.
You said that you personally suffered from the sanctions on Exxon Mobil, the company with lots of leverage, suffered from it.
And I've spoken to a number of American business owners here who also don't understand why this has to be the state of relationship.
And yet they are absolutely powerless to do anything about it.
Yeah, yeah, well I think a lot of it just comes down to looking at the broader range of issues that the US needs to work on, and I think really pushing this one issue behind us is critical.
You know, I've made the point that, you know, there's it's like the old Jay-Z song, 99 Problems.
You know, pushing aside the one problem of bad personal relationships will really help, you know, people focus on the bigger issues at hand.
You know, whether it's in the Middle East, across Europe, Asia... Well, um, Paul Krugman one of the most respected American economists and opinion writers, suggested in the New York Times the other day that Mr. Trump and, I'm quoting him here, and Mr. Trump is, by all indications, the Siberian candidate installed with the help of and remarkably differential to hostile foreign power.
This is an allegation of treason.
This is the most damning allegations you can level against a president.
This is not just about personal relationship between Russia and the United States.
This is about American domestic discourse.
What do you think Donald Trump can do about it?
Certainly, he will feel some pressure to adjust his policies.
His initial conception of his policies in a way that will counter those allegations.
And that may, in itself, put some constraints on how he proceeds.
Well, I think a lot of it is just an education process.
And I think for everyone all of us who have been involved in these harsh battles over the course of the last year or so.
I think what we've seen is that, you know, there's so much misperception, and I think spending some time pushing forward and helping to expose one of the real realities can really make a big difference.
And this is part another reason why I think, you know, understanding the people, understanding the potential of the country can make, you know, tremendous difference.
Well, in that same article, Mr. Krugman concedes that he's sitting with with anger over Trump's election.
And he also tries to agitate the public against Trump's policies, even though they haven't been fully formulated yet.
You advocate the educational line, but do you think when Trump deals again with that kind of audience, should he just ignore it, or should he try to win over those people?
Do you think this this kind of people who accused him of essentially treason, do you think they can be you know, persuaded intellectually to come on board and see him in a perhaps more balanced light?
Yeah.
Well, I think, you know, going to the intellectual point, there's so much misinformation out there.
Until that's fixed, that's really going to be continued to be a big head wind.
And for all of us who have studied and known Russia very closely and deeply over the course ofm you know, decades, I think you can really appreciate that.
But you can also appreciate how much pushback there is, and how many of these misperceptions there are and, you know, the broad consensus.
But I think having a strong leader like Mr. Trump and Mr. Tillerson will make it a huge difference.
Now, you know, this channel, RT, is often accused of peddling all sorts of conspiracy theories, but we've been really amazed by the number of all sorts of outlandish ideas that we see being discussed in the American media landscape.
And while we are still on the subject of conspiracy theories, John Bolton, the former US Ambassador to the United Nations, who is also rumored to perhaps being considered for some role in the Trump's Administration, floated yet another possibility, and he suggested that this purported hacking of the DNC was an inside job to, that was intended to be framed on the Russians.
And his main argument is that if you intend to intervene in somebody's election, you just don't leave the traces all over, and you do not leave these, sort of, the business cards with a Fancy Bear signature on it.
Do you think Americans will ever get to the bottom of what really happened over the course of this campaign, whether there was any hacking and who exactly perpetrated that hacking?
You know, what I would suggest is, what really needs to be gotten to the bottom of is the reason why this was spun out of control as a huge conspiracy theory to begin with.
You know, I think it was very effective from a media relations standpoint and a political standpoint with Mrs. Clinton's team in Brooklyn helping to distract attention from all the information that was on Wikileaks.
Well, it didn't help her at the end.
I mean, she still lost in the electoral college.
Well, she didn't succeed in it, but, you know, it was a, I think, very much a desperation move to try to push these approaches.
And, you know, as you were alluding to, it continues to this day.
So, there's definitely work to be done.
Now, Mr. Bolton joined the calls for an independent investigation into the matter, something that is now being demanded by a group of, by a bipartisan group of senators.
But I wonder if such an investigation is even feasible at this point of time.
When you have a political transition, when the parties are so aggravated against one another, when you are expecting a change of leadership in a number of government institutions, who will be ensuring the impartiality of that independent investigation, if it ever is given a green light?
Yeah, well, like I've alluded to, you know, I think there's often a, Mr. Trump has often talked about draining the swamp, the US-Russia relations is so much more difficult and toxic than that.
I refer to it as the septic tank.
And so, I think, you know, it's, there's definitely huge challenges across the board.
You refer to this negative consensus of negative Washington Consensus on Russia as well as on Mr. Trump right now, but President Obama also complained that he wasn't treated fairly.
And he referred to to that as the blob, and they, you know, the people who do not understand his policies.
And it's interesting to me because the same type of people are criticizing Mr. Obama and Mr. Trump, even though that policies seem to be somewhat different.
What do you think sustains this negative consensus, and is it ultimately against Trump, or is it against something else, like, for example, Russia?
Or maybe even something bigger than Russia, in this case.
Because it certainly began long before Mr. Trump even announced his candidacy.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I think, you know, people are tying together a couple of objectives or areas in which they're trying to build upon things that they're trying to push forward.
And I think, again, there was a lot of concern that he's pushing against an establishment both on the, on the Democratic side, as well as on the Republican side.
And then, of course, you know, Russia has been a foe, to use some people's terms, for the better part of seventy years.
So, you know, I think there's a, they found a convenient overlap.
Now, one thing this whole controversy revealed is that the CIA and the FBI as well as a number of other intelligence agencies have somewhat different standards when it comes to transparency, and what they consider to be the politization of intelligence.
And this is something that I don't think is a problem of either Trump or Russia.
This is a much deeper issue.
Do you think it's gonna be solved by just the new appointees when Trump comes and he assigns new, or appoints, new heads to those services, or is it something that the Americans as a nation need to discuss in a broader sense, how exactly you deal with political intelligence?
I can address this from a personal issue, because I've, you know, from a personal perspective, since I was in the, in the middle a lot of this.
Well, you've been investigated by the--
Well, and that, that's the beauty of it, you know.
Eventually, after these rumors and lies were out there for many months, you know, putting tar on my, on my name.
Eventually, you know, the New York Times put out a big article on November 1st, you know, saying that, well, they looked into these false allegations and found nothing.
And, so, you know, I was, I was really encouraged.
And I think that--
But, look.
By the time that happened, I'm sure your reputation has already suffered a great deal, so...
No, no, without question it did.
But by the same token...
You know, the beauty of it is that the forces within the FBI and CIA that looked at it, you know, they didn't, they never bothered contacting me because they realized right from the beginning that it was so preposterous.
You know, one thing I noticed in the American media is that some of them have taken to referring to Putin and James Comey, the FBI Director, in the same associated way as they used to refer to Putin and Trump, and for us Russians, it's very strange, because it's one thing to make even unsubstantiated political alligator against politicians.
You know, that is acceptable.
But to drag intelligent services into it, that's something else entirely.
I think the bar has been raised or lowered, depending on your perspective.
Why do you think Americans are so insecure about their system to even allow a thought that it would be so easily penetrated and manipulated by a foreign party?
You would think that Americans would have much greater confidence in the, you know, democracy.
Well, I mean, it's a big political infrastructure that was looking to support a particular candidate.
And, you know, when you have literally a billion dollars to dedicate to these these types of issues, both from a media standpoint and, you know, public relations, that can really make a pretty, pretty big difference.
But the beauty of it at the end of the day, and why I was so encouraging, and why I'm so excited now is that, you know, that was put to bed and, you know, that the people spoke.
Well, let's hope that some of the promises, especially relating to Russia, I'm certainly biased here, but I'm speaking from my side of the pond, let's hope that some of the, of those proposals are put into practice.
We have to leave it there, but I really appreciate it to your time.
And to our viewers, please share your comments now.
Twitter, YouTube, and Facebook pages.
And I hope to see you again.
Same place, same time, here on Worlds Apart.
