Feb 2, 2017
https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-associate-denies-middle-man-russia/story?id=45206444

You have been at the center of these allegations.
What do you say about that?
You know, I think it's really just a political stunt from the get-go.
You know, I sought--
It's interesting, originally, when these leaks started coming out, and they were being placed by the Clinton campaign into the various media outlets, you know, they were so outrageous to begin with, I kind of laughed them off.
When the full dossier came out, and you saw just how absolutely ridiculous the overall document was, really helped put things in perspective and it, uh, it summed things up pretty well.
This is that dossier.
You've read it?
I've, uh, yeah.
I've read, uh, most of it.
I mean, it's, again, it's a laughingstock for the authors.
They describe you as sort of a central figure between Donald Trump and the Kremlin.
Absolutely ridiculous on every level.
According to this dossier, in that first week of July when you were in Moscow, you met with Igor Sechin.
It would have been an honor to meet, uh, Igor Ivanovich, but I never had that opportunity.
Have you ever met him?
No.
Never, never directly.
I've been in various presentations by him, but never, uh, never a direct conversations.
So these allegations, that after you gave a speech, you met with him and discussed hacking into the Democratic party, sharing information between the FSB and Donald Trump.
Completely made up.
Never happened?
Absolutely never happened, yeah.
I mean, it's so ridiculous, that, you know, where do you even begin to start?
Was there ever an offer that, if you helped to lift the sanctions, you'd get something out of it?
If I were offered, uh, a prize of many billions of dollars, that would be, uh, quite a, uh, quite an offer, but that was never, that was never dropped in my lap.
Can you answer that question, was there any offer like that at all?
No.
No offer whatsoever.
No even hint of an offer.
No pathway to anything resembling an offer, or even a discussion on these range of issues.
That you'd get something if you got the sanctions lifted?
Not something worth a dollar, let alone something worth billions of dollars.
Lasting unconfirmed being investigated by U.S. intelligence about Russia, and whether Vladimir Putin has material on the new President to blackmail him.
You said that the Russians tape foreign visitors.
It's not something I think about.
It's not that wild of an accusation.
It's not that wild of an accusation by either country.
And do you think it's possible that Donald Trump was recorded on some video?
I have no idea.
