Feb 20, 2017
https://www.channel4.com/news/trump-carter-page-interview

Carter Page, the former foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign joins us now.
Let me ask you, first of all, are you under investigation by either the law enforcement or intelligence agencies of the United States?
Jon, it's exactly as we discussed last year.
No one from the FBI has contacted me 
It's all a complete sham investigation, just played up by the opponents of Mr. Trump.
But you did tell the New York Times that you are under investigation?
I never said, any, I said, actually--
They put it to you that you are under investigation.
Yeah, that's various leaks by people internally and, uh, deep state that are pushing against Mr. Trump.
What is "deep state"?
It's a, that's a long discussion, but there are, you know--
Basically, you feel that there is a section of the United States administration that is against you?
Not administration.
I just say, you know, people within the government that are holdovers.
Intelligence officers?
Well, I think the, you know, the best--
CIA?
The best example I can give you is Sally Yates, you know, the person who was pushing back the temporary acting Attorney General.
And, you know, I think if I had to guess, she was certainily part of some of the attacks against General Flynn, and I wouldn't be suprised--
So you regret the passing of General Flynn.
He has a individual of great integrity.
And I think, you know, if you're working 17 days--
Nobody's been able to work out why on earth he's gone.
Well, listen, if you're working--
He lied to the Vice President.
If you're working 18-hour days, and, you know--
He lied to the Vice President.
I was not--
Lies are not a good idea.
You're not telling me any lies about agencies inspecting your background?
They may very well be.
Well, actually, I expect they are, if you listen to some of these news reports.
So, let's just get to the sort of the essence of all of this.
And some of it has to do with the, uh, the sale of the oil company, Rosenfelt, uh, Rosneft's actualy, you know, value to Glencore.
I think it was about $11 billion.
Mm-hmm.
And it is said that you may have taken a commission?
Or you might get a commission?
THe interesting thing about Glencore, if you look at the history of that company, it was actually founded by Marc Rich, the person that Bill Clinton pardoned in his final days of office, very controversially.
So, I have no contacts at Glencore, but Mr. Clinton certainly does.
So you've never had anything to do with either of them?
You've never had anything to do with either the oil company, or with Glencore?
I know some people at Rosneft.
It's the largest oil company in Russia.
Did you have anything to do with the takeover?
Absolutely zero.
Zero.
So there's no truth in the suggestion that you might well profit from that, in return for delivering better relations between Russia and the United States.
It's a great stunt, also known as a red herring tactic, that the Clinton campaign uses.
Now, let's get it on the record.
Have you ever met Igor Sechin and Igor Divyekin?
He, um, was mentioned, both of them were mentioned in Rugman's report.
Yeah.
Totally false.
And not only that, when I arrived here over the weekend, a family that I was visitng, one of their young kids asked me, "Why are you always on TV? I saw you on young, on TV."
I said, "Don't worry, you know, your future is going to be safe."
I'd just as deny stories about me and the Russians.
Because this is the--
It's all, it's all a red herring.
But this is the madness of all of this, because--
It is madness, absolutely.
You were a foreign policy adviser to Mr. Trump.
I was--
And one presumes that it was your life in Moscow that recommended you for that job.
I, I was working, uh, that's totally false.
Were you one of Mr. Trump's foreign policy advisers?
I was part of a foreign policy team that was supporting--
Let's hear it from Mr. Trump's own lips.
There were five of you.
He named you, right?
You mau never have met him.
You may not have spent any time with him.
Which is what your claim is.
But you were named by him.
So he knows of your existence.
Certainly.
And he knows you were one of his foreign policy advisers.
He knows of my existence because he's constantly being harassed about that hour-long news conference.
No, no, no.
Now, hang on a minute.
Hang on a minute.
That's a long time ago that he stated that you were, he told the board, the editorial board of the Washington Post that you were one of his five advisers.
And that was in March 2016.
Not a very long time ago.
And that's exactly why, you know, in the months since--
You must have been fairly key for one like Donald Trump, who has an attention span of two-and-a-half minutes, to have remembered your name.
He remembers my name cuz there are front page articles on the New York Times, and all the other newspapers.
You were an adviser, right?
Agreed?
You were an adviser?
I was part of the team.
Were you an adviser?
I never spent any direct time.
I spent many hours in rallies with him, with people there.
It was very exciting.
But you worked on stuff on for the Trump campaign on foreign policy, correct?
Certainly.
Yes, and was any of that to do with Russia?
Nothing material.
You know, and this is, you know, all material--
So what qualified you to be a foreign policy adviser if it had nothing to with Russia, a country in which you had lived for several years?
Many years.
I've worked on foreign policy issues, energy issues, trade issues, done $10's of billions of transactions globally.
And, so, and I was, uh, affiliated with many think tanks, yes.
How can you be a foreign policy adviser if the one area which is your expertise, Russia, isn't part of the deal?
Well, you know, it's interesting.
The questions are always, uh, asked, focused on Russia.
But is it surprsing?
Most of my work has been in Africa--
You worked for Merrill Lynch there.
You were there for a long time.
Yeah.
You had lots of good friends in Russia.
Lots of good friends in the system.
But you're telling me none of that was ever drawn upon by Mr. Trump?
That was completely, you know, a big distraction, just to, uh, yes, I know a lot of people.
But I know a lot of people in China, in Africa, in Middle East, etc.
So you are completely innocent as non-charged?
I, this is a complete smear campaign.
Every, every point in that dossier, the Dodgy Dossier, was completely false.
Let me ask you one thing.
You're in London.
You're a Trump faithful.
Whether you're with him or not, doesn't matter.
What do you make of the revulsion that some of his comments have caused in this country, and many other countries around the world?
Not the least, Sweden.
I was, so many ambassadors that I met in Cleveland from around the world at the Republican National Convention always started asking very tough questions--
But none of that's happened since he was President.
But they were talking a lot of--
I asked, as President.
But they were talking about a lot of the same false accusations and misrepresentations, and a lot of that goes back to the fake news issue, you know, the wrong information.
Well, the fake news issue is something we've dealt a lot with, but thank you very much for coming in to do factual news.
Thank you very much.
Appreciate it.
