February 15, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsgSl8s2GeM

Carter Page manages an energy investment company, and joins me now.
Mr. Page, thank you for joining us.
So, breifly, start out by telling us how you knew or know Donald Trump, and what kind of work did you do on the campaign last year?
You know, I, it's funny.
You were just talking about leaks with your former, former interviewee.
I don't talk about the internal works that I did to help the campaign.
I, I was a junior member of the campaign's foreign policy advisory group, and I didn't, had, you know, compared to other people that had much more direct interaction with Mr. Trump, who I never actually briefed or was in any small meetings with.
I went to many rallies with him.
But never any direct meetings.
So, you know, I think there's a tendency to talk about a lot of the internal dealings in the U.S. government, as you were talking about, and I think--
Let me just move on by saying, but you were a member of his foreign policy team.
We were just talking about that a moment ago.
Yes.
But my first question, then, after that, Carter Page, is to ask you, you're aware of these reports out there, that there were officials in the Trump campaign who were in repeated contact with Russian officials, Russian intelligence officials during 2016.
Were you one of those campaign officials?
Well, Judy, you know, that, going back to the question to Sean Spicer about fake news opinion, I mean, this, yes, I'm aware of the reports, which I saw on the front page of the New York Times today.
But I think I can actually answer that question as to why that was fake news, you know.
That was just a regurgitation of old reports, based on the Dodgy Dossier that the Clinton campaign came out with.
Yes, I'm aware of these ongoing public relation attacks against the administration and people who have supported it, but--
Let me just stop and say the reports are citing intelligence agencies.
So we're talking about the CIA, the FBI...
So you're saying these agencies are not to be believed?
Or that the news media is making this up?
Or what?
Well, what I'm saying, what I'm saying is, you know, at least last year, they were responding to false evidence, which is an obstruction of justice.
False evidence given to the intelligence committee, intelligence community by the Clinton campaign.
Now that's pretty well-established, you know, with this Dodgy Dossier that came out last month.
So I think it's pretty clear evidence.
And, you know, in terms of being fake news today, the big front page story of the New York Times, I actually sent them a copy of a real dossier that I submitted to the Civil Rights Division of the U.S. Department of Justice over the weekend.
And, unfortunately, to one of the authors of that front page article, and that never got included at all, so, you know, it's, it's very one-sided.
We only have a limited amount of time here, so I want to use this time to everyone's advantage and ask you, you were in Russia.
You've worked in Russia for a number of years.
You clearly know Russian officials.
Where do you think this comes from?
Were you in any kind of last year with Russian government officials?
It comes from deep animosity and deep negative feelings against the Russians.
And I think, you know, you just have to look back at the history of the last 70 years, and it's pretty clear where that originates from.
And Mrs. Clinton and her team did a great job of ramping that up, and it continues to this day with the help of the likes of Sally Yates, and others that were holdovers from the Obama administration.
So you're saying that whatever, what you describe as animosity towards the Russians is not deserved.
We just heard Senator Amy Klobuchar talk about the Russians having the kind of agenda the U.S. could never share.
They're undermining democracies across Eastern Europe.
You don't agree with that view of Russia?
I view it as a two-way street.
And, you know, what I talked about in my speech in Moscow in July, and what President Trump and President Putin talked about in their initial call was the concept of mutual respect.
I think if both sides are acting respectfully and really thinking through and understanding the other side's perspectives, that takes care of a lot of it.
So, you know, absolutely.
You know, the Senator is right that there are a lot of things that need to be repaired.
But I think continuing these fake news, fake intel reports is only going to continue driving us into the gutter.
Did you have any meetings -- I'll ask again -- did you have any meetings last year with Russian officials, in Russia, outside Russia, anywhere?
I had no meetings, no meetings.
I might have said hello to a few people as they were walking by me at my graduation, graduation speech I gave in July.
But no meetings.
So, in other words, these reports that are citing, in very specific detail, what intelligence agencies say they have discovered, continuous, repeated contacts between the campaign and Russia.
You're saying that's entirely made up.
Is that what you're saying?
Judy, I don't think they said "discovered." I think they're looking at it.
So it's a nice way for the enemies of the administration and the enemies of the positive U.S.-Russia relations to keep stirring this negative pot over and over again.
And, admittedly, they've done quite a good job over the last year.
So I have to, I have to hand it to them as excellent politicians.
Are you cooperating with any federal investigators who are looking into this?
Have you been asked, for example, by the FBI or other agencies to answer questions?
And if you were called on to go before, say, a Senate committee investigation, would you be willing to do that?
I've never been asked by anyone in the FBI or any of the other agencies over the last year.
And I think, yes, I would love to have the opportunity to speak with the Senate.
I've offered to a few of the Senators to speak with them, and maybe offer them some realistic views of actually what's happening in the world.
But I think, you know, there's, there's a great level of ignorance.
And so one question to ask your other Senators you speak to is have they never actually stepped foot in Russia or talked to Russian people.
And I think, you know, that's very strong correlation with the ignorance that you see today, due to the lack of knowledge.
Knowledge.
Very quicklyl, what should the U.S. relationship with Russia be?
You're clearly arguing for something far more positive than what exists right now.
I'm not saying "positive."
I'm saying more practical and realistic and just having an open, respectful dialogue in which you really think about the other side and, you know, look to build your own country up here in the United States through better, positive relations, and not getting swirled out of control with these ongoing distractions which are taking away attention from bigger national security threats and causing disruptions, very unforunately, for the United States.
So I think there's a lot of work to be done, and I think Russia can be a tremendous ally for helping in that regard.
Carter Page, former foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign.
Thank you very much for talking with us.
Thanks, Judy.
