Mar 2, 2017
https://www.msnbc.com/all-in/watch/carter-page-i-don-t-deny-meeting-with-russian-ambassador-889043011736

Breaking news tonight.
USA Today reporting that, in addition to Jeff Sessions, two other Trump advisers also spoke with Russian Ambassador, Sergei Kislyak, during the Republican National Convention in July.
Among them, a man named Carter Page.
Page, who will join me in an exclusive interview momentarily, was mentioned in a blockbuster New York Times story two weeks ago claiming Trump campaign aides had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence.
Page named as one of four Trump aides the FBI has closely examined.
All four deny wrongdoing.
Page is a former Merrill Lynch investment banker, whose biography indicates he spent three years in Moscow arranging blockbuster energy sector deals.
But a deeply reported Politico story found in the ex-pat business community in Russia, no one had ever heard of Carter Page.
Page is a critic of U.S. foreign policy, including U.S. sanctions against Russia, last year reportedly hailed Vladimir Putin as a more reliable leader than President Obama.
Last March, then-candidate Trump identified Page as a member of his foreign policy team. 
We heard you might be announcing your foreign policy advisory team soon.
If you want, I could give you some of the names.
Carter Page, Ph.D.
In January, however, the Trump administration insisted that Page played no role in his campaign.
Carter page is an individual who the President-elect does not know, and was put on notice months ago by the campaign.
And joining me now is Carter Page.
Thank you for being here, Mr. Page.
I'm glad to have you here, because you are at the center of the news today.
USA Today saying you and an individual named J.D. Gordon, another adviser, met with Sergei Kislyak at the RNC in Cleveland.
Is that true?
Well, you know, Chris, it's interesting, because that, one of those pieces from the Washington Post that you showed, it starts out with a discussion of a meeting that I participated in with Prime Minister Modi, quoting a number of sources that, about things that I supposedly, said which were completely false. 
Right.
That meeting, that meeting, but that meeting was off-the-record, and I'm not talking about, you know, any, uh, or that entire conference, which was, uh, which was alluded to...
Which one are you talking about?
At the RNC?
At the RNC.
You attended, there's a conference that's put together, and I just wanna give people the context here.
It's not like you're in some back-alley with the Russian Ambassador.
There's a bunch of ambassadors who come in.
It's actually something that is done every year.
But you did, in fact, meet with Sergei Kislyak there?
I, I'm not talking about any meetings that I had there, cuz I learned confidentialy rules when I served in the U.S. Navy, and I'm sticking with the commitment that I made to the organizers, that I would be, you know, keep it an off-the-record meeting.
So I'm not gonna talk about individual discussions or people I may or may not have met with.
Okay.
So, USA Today has reported this.
You're not gonna confirm or deny it.
I have to say, though, two weeks ago, you were with Judy Woodruff, and she said, "Did you have any meetings, uh, any meetings last year with Russian officials, inside Russia, outside Russia, anywhere."
You said, "I had no meetings, no meetings."
No meetings related to those issues which were, which were being brought out, or she was asking about.
Which was another front page New York, I can't remember if that was front page of the New York Times.
Wait a second.
I just wanna be clear.
When you said, "I had no meetings, no meetings," you are now amending that to say "no meetings relating to the issues specific to what Judy Woodruff was talking about."
She was specifically talking about the investigation, which I--
Uh huh.
--believe came out that same day or the day previous.
So that was the context.
Can I, can I be just totally honest with you here for a second.
Please do.
You know, there's this pattern here, where everything in con-, you can tell me, like, "Yeah, I met with Sergey Kislyak, I was at this thing, and there was a bunch of different ambassadors, there was one from Germany, and we talked, and there's no smoke here."
And that may have been true about, uh, Michael Flynn talking to Sergei Kislyak.
And it may have been true about Jared Kushner's meeting.
And it may be true with Jeff Session's.
But there is this pattern which you appear to be a part of, in which there is this kind of, like, bizarre dissembling about the basic facts of the matter.
Do you understand why that reads to people as fishy?
Well, I understand why, when you also, you know, today's front page article about, you know, the ongoing, uh, works by the Obama White House to really come after and burrow all kinds of information, so...
Right, no, and I get--
That's the reason, you know, why this--
I get, I get--
--kind of question is even being asked.
Right.
I get you think this is being pursued by the opponents and enemies of the President, and I get that.
But I'm just asking you straight up, like, just for a straight answer, you're saying, "I can't confirm or deny."
USA Today's reported it.
You told one reporter I had no meetings with the Russians, and now you're telling me I had no meetings with the Russians about the things they were talking about.
I'm just trying to get a straight answer, like, did you meet Sergei Kislyak in Cleveland?
Did you talk to him?
I'm not gonna deny that I talked with him.
Although, I will--
So you did talk to him?
I will say that I never met him anywhere outside of Cleveland.
Let's just say that much.
The only time that you met him was in Cleveland.
That I may have met him, possibly, might have been in Cleveland.
Okay.
Again, I'm respectful to the organizers.
I'm respectful to confidentiality rules.
Okay.
And whether it's in government, or outside.
But you're not gonna deny that you talked with him in Cleveland.
I do not deny that.
Okay.
Good.
We've established that.
Here's my other question to you.
Um, there's also this just weird thing about whether you were an adviser or not, right?
The man who's now the President of the United States, then-candidate Donald Trump, reads your name to the Washington Post.
Its own campaign essentially disavows and disowns you.
What's, what's the deal?
Were you an adviser to Donald Trump?
I was not, I never directly briefed Donald Trump.
I was part of a named, uh, committee--
Okay.
--which, um, which was put together last March.
So you were part of the, you were part of a committee that advised the campaign?
That's a fair assessment.
What did you do in that role and capacity?
You know, similarly, I don't like to talking about internal discussions.
It's the old first rule of Fight Club, you don't talk about Fight Club.
You know, I think if you look at a lot of the, uh, internal talks, you know, a lot of leaks about what happened--
Sure, but I'm not asking you, I'm asking you a question about sort of the genre of activity in which you engaged, as opposed to the substance.
Which is to say, did you write memos about issues?
Did you get on conference calls to discuss this or that issue?
Is that the kind of thing you were engaged in?
I think the two points you just made, all of the above.
However, you know, going back--
Then why did they say you didn't advise the campaign?
No.
That's advising the campaign.
No, that, that's not what they, uh, that's not, they said that I was not directly briefing, uh--
The President.
Or, the man who's now the President of the United States.
Exactly.
Okay, so, so, how did you, there is some reporting that indicated, and this ties to Jeff Sessions today, there is a question of how you came into the orbit of the campaign.
Mm-hmm.
And again, I know that you have been the subject of a lot of scrutiny.
You're waking up every day, you're reading about yourself.
So I would like to sort of give you an opportunity to clear the air here, right?
Yeah.
Um, was it Jeff Sessions that was the conduit, or any members of his staff were the conduit through which you came into the orbit of the Trump campaign?
I can confirm that that is not the case.
No one that you just mentioned were the people that brought me in.
So, how--
However, so, but, similarly, the fact that I'm public enemy #1, I don't wanna sully the name of other people who, you know, there was so much--
Wait, but can you just tell--
People are just looking for, you know, ways to--
I get that.
I understand that.
But how did you get into the orbit of the campaign?
Who--
If I started naming names, then there would literally be dozens of reporters within the next hour calling each of those individuals.
So you're just--
And I'm just respectful to individuals, um, who are colleagues.
But again, it's like, the, the, the sort of, I get that, but the obfuscation seems to, like, indicate there's something that there isn't there.
Like, you came into a campaign.
People pass names along.
Like, how did you come to be part of the orbit of the Trump campaign?
You know, maybe to cover all of my legal fees, I might write a book about it someday.
But there's nothing, um, material or important related to that.
So, let's talk about, you went to, you went to Russia in summer of 2016.
Yes.
You gave a speech there.
Uh, you were there for three days.
The speech was one day.
What did you do in Russia?
Had some meetings with, uh, scholars and professors and students there.
And, you know, there were some people that showed up to my graduation speech, and I said hello to some people, but no, no material discussions.
You know, there, really, international relations scholars, and--
Did you speak to any, did you speak to any Russian intelligence officials?
Not that I'm aware of.
You know, there's--
That's the Paul Manafort answer, right?
"They don't wear badges."
You know, it's, it's interesting.
I think this is often not really understood in the West.
There's a lot of veterans, just like there's veternas from the U.S. military, such as myself, there are people that kind of grew up through that system, right?
Sure.
And, so, you know, it's possible that someone with some connection at some point in their life, again, immaterial information.
Did any conversation you have while you were in Russia pertain to U.S. policy to Russia, vis-a-vis particularly the sanctions or to the Trump campaign?
Nothing about sanctions, uh--
About the Trump campaign?
There may have been some scholars that, that offered comments and thoughts.
And, you know, again there was nothing specific or worth discussing that was brought up at the time.
And, you know, part of the issue is, I mean, these are things that happened months ago.
Sure.
And, you know, you give the examples of people kinda being caught out, you know.
I wanna be careful, you know, what exact kind of conversations I might've had.
You know, literally nothing was material or important in terms of having any impact, or anything related to the Dodgy Dossier, or anything even resembling close, you know, any way to that.
I wanna give you, I wanna be specific here, because I wanna give you an opportunity to deny or confirm this on the record.
Um, uh, the head of Rosneft, Igor Sechin, former Chief of Staff, Sergei Ivanov, uh, these are two individuals the dossier alleges you met with.
Did you meet with either of those individuals?
You know, what's so interesting about that, Chris, I, so Rosneft...
Yes.
There's been all sorts--
The largest oil company in Russia.
Exactly.
There's been so many, uh, reports, um, about the sale--
Wait, before you tell me that--
It's a 19.5%--
Before you tell me that, just, it's a simple yes-or-no question, did you meet with either of those individuals?
Not, no.
Never.
Never.
N-, no.
I, I--
You've never met with either of them?
Not one-on-one, no.
I mean, I may have been at a meeting at a conference or something, so I wanna be careful not to--
Right.
But I never shook either of their hands, for sure.
And you were never in a meeting with the two of them over the summer?
Absolutely not.
For sure.
Yeah.
Um, did you act essentially as a liaison for the Trump, for the Trump campaign while you were in Russia?
Were you, um, talking to people about, uh, what the Trump campaign's plans for Russian policy were?
Absolutely not, no.
And, you know, I mean, it's interesting, going back to the Rosneft issue.
Who actually bought Rosneft?
We don't know.
Well, it is known.
It is known.
It's public record that it's Glencore.
And who is the founder of Glencore?
Yes, Marc Rich.
A guy named Marc Rich.
Yes, right.
So, you know, if you wanna ask someone about Marc Rich, the Clintons are better people to ask.
Right, but part of this, right, I mean, let me ask you this.
The context for all of this, and I understand folks like yourself and others believe there's a sort of witch hunt going on, but, but the reason there's so much focus on Russia is because every U.S. intelligence agency has come to the conclusion that it was Russia that illegaly broke into the DNC email system, and to John Podesta, in an attempt to essentially subvert and sabotage an American election.
Do you believe that's the case?
You know, I don't know anything about those accusations, or those theories.
What I do know is the impact of all those lies, going back to those, you know, the Dodgy Dossier, we were just talking about, and the substance of that.
That, without question, had a much more material impact on the election, just having a very negative, uh0--
But the dossier, the dossier came out after the election, obviously.
Yeah, yeah, but it was leaked constantly.
So the, uh, the reports about me in September when I--
Right.
--decided to step back from the campaign, you know, that was when, uh, that was all based on that dossier.
Okay.
And it had been shopped around to literally, you know, dozens of news agencies.
Sure, but you, you have no independent view about the intelligence agencies about the, about Russia, uh, doing this?
You take their words for it, or you just have no independent view of it?
I, I'm pretty skeptical about it.
And I actually, in a letter I wrote to the Civil Rights Division at Department of Justice outlining some of the crimes that were committed against me--
Yeah.
--during the campaign.
I actually included as an appendix, Appendix, uh, B, the, uh, list of things where there's big questions surrounding that.
Um, did you ever discuss the repeal of sanctions in Russia, and do you believe that the meetings that you got in Russia, and the people that talked to you were doing them because they thought you were an agent of the Trump campaign.
You know, I have literally spoken at, uh, some of the top universities in Moscow dozens of times in the past.
Right.
I lived there for three years, and, you know, I was a regular at many of the top universities.
So there's nothing out of the ordinary, me going and being the commencement speaker.
So, nothing, nothing out of, out of--
But that doesn't answer the question.
Did you talk about sanctions and, or the removal of--
Well, that, that was the second part of the question.
Right.
So, look, I've been on the record.
I've written things in the past that sanctions don't work.
Right.
Right, so--
But you said there's two, there's two, two, two sort of, there's the, there are the sanctions post-Crimea, which you wrote against.
You're on the record as opposing.
Absolutely.
Uh, um, and that, and then, of course, the actions taken, uh, during the transition, in response to the hacking, which are, you know, more targeted.
Yeah, yeah.
So, I mean, on the sanctions, on the, uh, Crimea issue, you know, so much of the news coverage has sort of started with Crimea, without looking at the, uh, what happened with the mistakes made by the U.S. government in the months prior to that.
And I've written about that in some detail as well, so...
All right.
So i finally wanna, the most fevered imagination of people about this, is that, essentially, there were backchannel conversations in which agents or associates of the Trump campaign were communicating with agents or associates of Vladimir Putin, uh, his surrogates, or Russian intelligence, to collude with the Trump campaign.
At anuy time, did you have liaisons with anyone in Russia, in which you were talking about, uh, the hacking that was going on, or things the campaign might do?
Not only, I had absolutely no, uh, involvement with that.
And again, it'll be interesting when the details--
Categorically no?
Categorically no, and it'll be interesting when they have this paper trail of what the intelligence community was doing, looking at the collusion between the, uh, efforts by the Clinton campaign and members of the Obama administration during those, uh, months.
Final question: are you in touch with anyone at the White House?
Uh, I know various people there.
I don't, uh, you know, again--
So that's a yes.
I don't talk about any, uh, specific discussions.
All right, uh, Carter Page.
I appreciate your time tonight.
Thank you for coming out.
Thanks a lot, Chris.
I really appreciate it.
It's great to see you.
