Aug 18, 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpMV94VBghM

And now this, justice from the Durham probe, former FBI lawyer Kevin Clinesmith is expected to plead guilty at a hearing tomorrow at the DC District Court.
He is accused by John Durham of falsifying emails that the FBI could monitor former Trump campaign adviser, Carter Page.
He has, uh, he has admitted it.
Meanwhile, in Chicago, a district court judge dismissed a lawsuit by Page against the DNC.
Joining me right now is the man himself.
He is former foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump, and author of the upcoming book, Abuse & Power: How an Innocent American was Framed in an Attempted Coup against the President.
Carter Page is here.
It's gonna be a bestseller.
Carter, congratulations on the book.
Good to have you this morning.
Great to be with you, Maria.
Thanks so much.
So, we've talked about your story so many times, Carter, but I wanna start off with the fact that you were surveilled for a year, and you've never been charged with any crime.
Maria, not only was I never charged with any crimes, everything I was asked about in, about 40 hours of interrogation by both Congress and the Mueller Witch Hunt, and, uh, Comey and McCabe's FBI, they never asked me one question which was based in any sense or, you know, could have implied even a crime to the extent that, you know, based on everything that I had actually done.
You know, it was all false conspiracy theories and made-up lies that were paid for by the Democrats.
Yeah, and so, now we know officially, we've, I've known this, you've known this, lot of us have actually, we've actually sniffed this out, right from the get-go, we know you were surveilled, they tried to get a wiretap to surveil you, and they failed initially.
But then they got the dossier, so they used the dossier to spy on you.
When did you first learn that you were being spied on, Carter, because it started at the end of 2016, but because of three renewals, they were able to spy on you all the way until October of 2017, while Donald Trump was in office.
We're looking at this timeline here as the, uh, the FBI opened a counterintelligence probe and said in July of 2016, but we know there was a whole lot of entrapment going on earlier in the year in 2016.
Walk us through it.
Well, I tell you, I mean, this is real election interference, when the Obama administration and, uh, Obama's party, the Democrats and their funding machine, the DNC, paid for this complete scam, and led to abuse of process in the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court starting on October 21, 2016, and then continuing all through the transition, of President Trump's transtion, and, uh, was then, you know, the final one, and related to the, your point about Mr. Clinesmith, the final one was, uh, signed off on by Rod Rosenstein in late, uh, late June 2017, well into the Trump administration.
Yeah.
So, so, let's just be clear about what Kevin Clinesmith did.
38-year old lawyer at the FBI, uh, sends a note to the CIA, "Was Carter Page working with the CIA?"
Yes.
Carter Page was working with the CIA.
Gets the email.
Does a complete 360 before he hands that email over to his superior.
Instead of the truthful answer, yes, Carter Page was working with the CIA, Kevin Clinesmith changes it entirely.
"No, Carter Page was not an asset of the CIA."
"No, there was no reason for him to be meeting with the Russians that he was."
"It's not that he was helping the CIA."
What's really extraordinary here, in my view, Carter, is really the media, because all of a sudden, out of nowhere, you find your name and reputation all muddied up in the media, as they leaked it to the media so that all of a sudden people started to think Carter Page was some asset of Russia.
Tell us what happened.
I, what you're saying is absolutely correct, but just what one slight caveat.
They were muddying up, but I always, uh, kept in mind that they were doing it to just interfere in president Trump's first campaign, to disrupt his transition period, and then, really, uh, create a terrible, uh, abuse of power in the, uh, in the first term, throughout his first term as, uh, in office, as president.
So, you know, it really was, uh, I mean, there was just, that five-page, uh, information memorandum, the charging document against Mr. Clinesmith, it really is just the tip of the iceberg, in so many ways, and I get into a lot this in my book, which is just about to be released.
And so, I think--
Yeah.
...this is really an important turning point for justice in our country.
Yeah, it's really important that you wrote the book, uh, because people need to understand, here you are, an innocent American citizen, deciding to go and work with the Trump campaign.
That was your big mitsake, you know, as far as the FBI and the leadership there was concerned.
They lie on an application on an email, saying that you, they raised that you were talking with these Russians, having these meetings years ago, and they knew it was because you were working with the CIA, and they turned, changed a document so that they could get a window into the campaign, through you, surveilling you, and you find out, because you start hearing about this in the media, and then you got death threats, didn't you?
Tell me how this impacted your life, so people can understand this massive abuse of power.
Well, Maria, it totally overturned my life, and, unfortunately, this has continued to this day.
You know, those death threats, uh, back in October 2016, and went for about a year, well until October of 2017.
You know, right after my final FISA warrant expired in September 2017.
So, unfortunately, you know, there's, again, this story is just beginning.
And as I talk about in my book, I told, I was actually, my lawyers were in communication with Mr. Clinesmith, and I actually sent Mr. Clinesmith a letter in April 2017, you know, to your point about media, there were some, uh, media leaks and lies and misrepresentations on the Rachel Maddow show on MSDNC, and sure enough, I get more threatening calls from Oklahoma that night.
What's really bad about this, Maria, is it's not just, um, Mr. Clinesmith, it was always, uh, I sent a series of letters to FBI Director Wray last year in February 2019 and May 2019, and I'm so glad you're getting to the bottom of this, and I was, really great interview on Sunday Morning Futures with Chairman Johnson, because I know he's looking into this as well, in terms of the abuse and power in the, uh, in the FBI and the continutation of the coverup by Director Wray, and, uh, and also with, uh, Congressman Collins as well, who's really been pushing hard to get to the bottom of this, and start having some accountability.
Because there is a huge overlap between what happened, uh, what we say from Mr. Clinesmith, and what we, what we continue to see with Director Wray today.
And again, again, Friday was just a first step on the road to justice, because it was the first time that I started to see some semblance of justice from the, from the DOJ and FBI, with the, you know, the fact that they were acting in conjunc-, in accordance with the Crimes Victims Rights Act, a law that was totally avoided and not respected throughout the last four years.
You are an American citizen, and an innocent man.
You deserve to actually have your right as a victim of all of this.
I spoke with former and State Department official, Steven Schrage, as well, on Sunday Morning Futures about, uh, Stefan Halper, and his handler, Steven, uh, Somma.
Now, Schrage invited you to his conference in Cambridge in 2016, and that's where, in many cases, you met a lot of these spies who, uh, you know, we know now, we're dropping little nuggets of information on various people connected with the Trump campaign.
Alexander Downer was another one.
Tell me about you getting invited to this conference, and what happened after that.
You know, I talk about this, uh, quite a bit in my book, and, you know, there's, there's a lot that still needs to be exposed, and I'm starting to expose that a little bit.
But again, there are so many unanswered questions.
I was begging Director wray last year, in a series of letters to his office, which were acknowledged, and they definitely received it, in terms of getting to the bottom of this and more information related to this and, unfortunately, you know, there's a lot of answers that still have not been, uh, been covered up.
Yeah, we'll see what happens, because Christopher Wray was also running the FBI when the FBI misled the Senate Intel Committee in February of 2018, a full year after they knew from the subsource that the dossier was hearsay and made up, and garbage, etc.
Carter, it's an incredible story.
You are at the center of it, and we appreciate you joining us.
The book is a page-turner, and a must.
Abuse and Power.
Carter Page.
We will pick it up and we will see you soon.
Thank you, sir.
